release: v1.53.0 (#5873)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_helm_rollingupdate.md

Reviewer: @theJC please review this edited changeset

Author: I took care of reviewing this one. :)

> ### Support providing RollingUpdate maxSurge and maxUnavailable values ([Issue #5664](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/5664))
> 
> RollingUpdate maxSurge and maxUnavailable are commonly used deployment configuration values.  This change makes their
> values able to be set via the router helm chart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support maxSurge and maxUnavailable for rolling updates ([Issue #5664](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/5664))

The router Helm chart now supports the configuration of `maxSurge` and `maxUnavailable` for the `RollingUpdate` deployment strategy.  
```
